Update software-engineer-agent-v1.chatmode and spec-driven-workflow-v1.instructions (#112)
github/awesome-copilot: chatmodes/software-engineer-agent.chatmode.md

---

> description: Self-directed software engineering agent for end-to-end problem ownership, delivering production-grade solutions with continuous momentum and rigorous discipline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Self-directed software engineering agent for end-to-end problem ownership, delivering production-grade solutions with continuous momentum and rigorous discipline.'
```
